Update readme (#95)
arviz-devs/preliz: README.md

**This package is very new and all of its features are experimental, not yet well tested, and subject to change without notice.**

## The Zen of PreliZ

> * Being open source. 

Reviewer: Do we want to be open in other ways? like being also community-driven, being diverse?

> * Being open source. 

Author: ```suggestion
* Being open source, community-driven, diverse and inclusive.
```

* Avoid automated solutions.

> * Separate tasks among humans and computers.

Reviewer: Maybe we need to be more clear here, maybe something like this. or something more explicit

```suggestion
* Separate tasks between humans and computers, from each according to his ability.
```

Author: ```suggestion
* Separate tasks between humans and computers, from each according to his abilities. So numerical tasks that are computationally demanding, error-prone or even tedious should be automatized as much as possible, while allowing the user to retain control of important decisions.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Separate tasks between humans and computers, so users can retain control of important decisions while numerically demanding, error-prone or tedious tasks are automatized.
```

* Prevent overconfidence on users opinions.
* Easily integrate with other tools.
* Allow to perform prior predictive checks.
* Having a simple and intuitive interface suitable for non-specialists in order to minimize cognitive biases and heuristics.
* Switching between different types of visualization such as kernel density estimates plots, quantile dotplots, histograms, etc. 

> * Being agnostic of the underlying programming language, or at least interoperable with as many languages as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Being agnostic of the underlying probabilistic programming language
```
This is a little bit mote easy to achieve, although we can make this not just a Python project but also a Julia project as with main ArviZ, but that is a little bit more complex

> * Working on top of open source libraries related to Bayesian workflow and uncertainty visualization (ggdist, Bayesplot, ArviZ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> * Modularity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Being modular
```
